Hi Polynesians! Today we will play with team Karen. She's going to have to tell us.
15 TV series in less than 40 seconds. If you can get 100 points for your team.
How many series? 15.
I see the time. 1, 2, 3!
Gossip Girl, Pretty litte liars, The Simpsons, The Walking Dead, The Law and Order, CSI, CSI
Miami, CSi New York, Law and Order Special Victims Unit, The vampire diaries ... How Many
I spoke He said 10.
Drawings ... The magic godparents ... This is a drawing.
Not? No, 5 is missing.
Time's up! lost. Again, again!
The law and the order ... Well now let's call a Polynesian
To help me. We will call a Polynesian to help
Karen, to see if you can get 100 points.
Polynesian please have to help me. Hello?
Hello, Oscar? Yes, Hi Rafa.
How are you? Good and you?
Well, here we are, let's play. Let's see, Lesslie will explain to you how we will play
this game. To help Karen earn points
for your team. Hi Oscar, well the game is about that
have to say 20? drawings in 40 seconds. Are you ready? Yes.
Go. 1, 2, 3! Darwin Duck, Rocko's Modern Life. Pinky
and Brain, The Critic, The Simpsons Animaniacs, Boby's World, The King of the Piece, The Tick, Ren and Stimpy,
SpongeBob, Family Guy, Futurama, South Park ...
In 35 seconds you said 20 words, you won 100 points for team Karen.
Okay, see you, Oscar, thank you! You're welcome!
Bye. Good thanks Oscar, Karen won 100
points. You saved me.
And in the next video continues team Lesslie.